#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements-gcp.txt --resolver=backtracking requirements-base.in requirements-gcp.in
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via kfp
aiofiles==22.1.0
    # via mlserver
aiohttp==3.8.3
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   tritonclient
aiokafka==0.8.0
    # via mlserver
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
albumentations==1.3.0
    # via deepchecks
alembic==1.8.1
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   zenml
analytics-python==1.4.0
    # via zenml
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiokafka
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backoff==1.10.0
    # via analytics-python
bcrypt==4.0.1
    # via passlib
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
brotli==1.0.9
    # via geventhttpclient
build==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.2.1
    # via google-auth
category-encoders==2.6.0
    # via deepchecks
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   geventhttpclient
    #   kfp-server-api
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   click-params
    #   databricks-cli
    #   flask
    #   kfp
    #   mlflow
    #   mlserver
    #   pip-tools
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
    #   zenml
click-params==0.3.0
    # via zenml
cloudpickle==2.2.0
    # via
    #   kfp
    #   mlflow
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
databricks-cli==0.17.4
    # via mlflow
debugpy==1.6.5
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   ipython
    #   validators
deepchecks[vision]==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements-gcp.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via kfp
distro==1.8.0
    # via zenml
docker==6.0.1
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   zenml
docstring-parser==0.15
    # via kfp
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   mlflow
fastapi==0.89.1
    # via mlserver
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
fire==0.5.0
    # via kfp
flask==2.1.3
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   prometheus-flask-exporter
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2022.11.0
    # via gcsfs
gcsfs==2022.11.0
    # via -r requirements-gcp.in
gevent==22.10.2
    # via geventhttpclient
geventhttpclient==2.0.2
    # via tritonclient
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.30
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   zenml
google-api-core[grpc]==2.11.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-build
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-functions
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-scheduler
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kfp
google-api-python-client==1.12.11
    # via kfp
google-auth==2.16.0
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kfp
    #   kubernetes
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==0.8.0
    # via gcsfs
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.21.0
    # via -r requirements-gcp.in
google-cloud-bigquery==3.4.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-build==3.13.0
    # via -r requirements-gcp.in
google-cloud-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-functions==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements-gcp.in
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.8.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-scheduler==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements-gcp.in
google-cloud-secret-manager==2.15.0
    # via -r requirements-gcp.in
google-cloud-storage==2.7.0
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   kfp
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.4.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.58.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==2.0.1
    # via
    #   gevent
    #   sqlalchemy
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.6
    # via
    #   google-cloud-build
    #   google-cloud-functions
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
grpcio==1.51.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   mlserver
    #   py-grpc-prometheus
grpcio-status==1.48.2
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via mlflow
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
httplib2==0.19.1
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   zenml
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagehash==4.3.1
    # via deepchecks
imageio==2.24.0
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
imgaug==0.4.0
    # via deepchecks
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask
    #   mlflow
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==5.10.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   deepchecks
ipykernel==6.20.2
    # via
    #   deepchecks
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==7.34.0
    # via
    #   deepchecks
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.7.2
    # via
    #   deepchecks
    #   rich
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via flask
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpickle==3.0.1
    # via deepchecks
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==3.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   kfp
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.4.9
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.1.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.1
    # via ipywidgets
kafka-python==2.0.2
    # via aiokafka
kfp==1.8.16
    # via -r requirements-gcp.in
kfp-pipeline-spec==0.1.17
    # via kfp
kfp-server-api==1.8.5
    # via kfp
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
kubernetes==18.20.0
    # via kfp
mako==1.2.4
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.6.3
    # via
    #   deepchecks
    #   imgaug
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
mlflow==1.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-gcp.in
    #   mlserver-mlflow
mlserver==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-gcp.in
    #   mlserver-mlflow
mlserver-mlflow==1.2.3
    # via -r requirements-gcp.in
monotonic==1.6
    # via analytics-python
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.8
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
networkx==3.0
    # via scikit-image
notebook==6.5.2
    # via widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.1
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   category-encoders
    #   contourpy
    #   deepchecks
    #   imagehash
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow
    #   mlserver
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pynomaly
    #   pywavelets
    #   qudida
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
    #   tritonclient
nvidia-cublas-cu11==11.10.3.66
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu11
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu11==11.7.99
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11==11.7.99
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu11==8.5.0.96
    # via torch
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   databricks-cli
    #   requests-oauthlib
opencv-python==4.5.5.64
    # via
    #   deepchecks
    #   imgaug
opencv-python-headless==4.7.0.68
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   qudida
orjson==3.8.5
    # via mlserver
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   aiokafka
    #   build
    #   docker
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytorch-ignite
    #   scikit-image
    #   statsmodels
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   deepchecks
    #   mlflow
    #   mlserver
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   zenml
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
passlib[bcrypt]==1.7.4
    # via zenml
patsy==0.5.3
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   statsmodels
pdfkit==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements-base.in
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
pip-tools==6.12.1
    # via -r requirements-base.in
platformdirs==2.6.2
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.5.0
    # via deepchecks
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   prometheus-flask-exporter
    #   py-grpc-prometheus
    #   starlette-exporter
prometheus-flask-exporter==0.21.0
    # via mlflow
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via ipython
proto-plus==1.22.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-build
    #   google-cloud-functions
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-scheduler
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-gcp.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-build
    #   google-cloud-functions
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-scheduler
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   kfp
    #   kfp-pipeline-spec
    #   mlflow
    #   mlserver
    #   proto-plus
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
py-grpc-prometheus==0.7.0
    # via mlserver
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.9.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   kfp
    #   sqlmodel
    #   zenml
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via databricks-cli
pymysql==1.0.2
    # via zenml
pynomaly==0.3.3
    # via deepchecks
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   zenml
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   jupyter-client
    #   kfp-server-api
    #   kubernetes
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   zenml
python-dotenv==0.21.0
    # via mlserver
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via jupyter-events
python-rapidjson==1.9
    # via tritonclient
python-terraform==0.10.1
    # via zenml
python-utils==3.4.5
    # via pynomaly
pytorch-ignite==0.4.10
    # via deepchecks
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   scikit-image
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   jupyter-events
    #   kfp
    #   kubernetes
    #   mlflow
    #   zenml
pyzmq==25.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
qudida==0.0.4
    # via albumentations
querystring-parser==1.2.4
    # via mlflow
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   databricks-cli
    #   deepchecks
    #   docker
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kubernetes
    #   mlflow
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   torchvision
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   kubernetes
requests-toolbelt==0.10.1
    # via kfp
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via jupyter-events
rich[jupyter]==12.6.0
    # via zenml
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scikit-image==0.19.3
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   imgaug
scikit-learn==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-gcp.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   deepchecks
    #   qudida
scipy==1.10.0
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   category-encoders
    #   deepchecks
    #   imagehash
    #   imgaug
    #   mlflow
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via deepchecks
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
shapely==1.8.5.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-gcp.in
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   imgaug
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   bleach
    #   databricks-cli
    #   fire
    #   geventhttpclient
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   imgaug
    #   jsonschema
    #   kfp-server-api
    #   kubernetes
    #   patsy
    #   plotly
    #   python-dateutil
    #   querystring-parser
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   validators
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.4.41
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   mlflow
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
    #   sqlmodel
sqlalchemy-utils==0.38.3
    # via zenml
sqlalchemy2-stubs==0.0.2a32
    # via sqlmodel
sqlmodel==0.0.8
    # via zenml
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via mlflow
starlette==0.22.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   starlette-exporter
starlette-exporter==0.15.0
    # via mlserver
statsmodels==0.13.5
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   deepchecks
strip-hints==0.1.10
    # via kfp
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   databricks-cli
    #   kfp
tenacity==8.1.0
    # via plotly
termcolor==2.2.0
    # via fire
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2022.10.10
    # via scikit-image
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   pyproject-hooks
torch==1.13.0
    # via
    #   pytorch-ignite
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements-gcp.in
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via deepchecks
traitlets==5.8.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
tritonclient[http]==2.29.0
    # via mlserver
typer==0.7.0
    # via kfp
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   deepchecks
    #   kfp
    #   pydantic
    #   qudida
    #   rich
    #   sqlalchemy2-stubs
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   kfp
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via
    #   docker
    #   kfp-server-api
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.20.0
    # via mlserver
uvloop==0.17.0
    # via mlserver
validators==0.18.2
    # via click-params
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via
    #   docker
    #   jupyter-server
    #   kubernetes
werkzeug==2.0.3
    # via flask
wheel==0.38.4
    # via
    #   nvidia-cublas-cu11
    #   nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11
    #   pip-tools
    #   strip-hints
widgetsnbextension==3.6.1
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via deprecated
yarl==1.8.2
    # via aiohttp
zenml==0.35.1
    # via -r requirements-base.in
zipp==3.11.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
zope-event==4.6
    # via gevent
zope-interface==5.5.2
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
